---
title:  "Hello World (again)"
date: 2020-02-16
tags: [blog]
---

**Hello World!** *Yes, again*. After 1 busy (or maybe lazy) year with
no posts, I am writing here again to talk about some changes I have
done. The first one is so obvious. The blog **looks so different
now**!

![New Blog Aspect](/assets/images/posts/blog.png){:class="img-responsive center-image"}


I forked [this minimalistic Jekyll
Theme](https://github.com/joshgerdes/jekyll-uno) based on [Uno Ghost
theme](https://github.com/daleanthony/Uno). I love its **simplicity**
and **focus on the content** and, as it uses
[**Jekyll**](https://jekyllrb.com/), I can host it for free on
[**Github Pages**](https://pages.github.com/) and forget about
servers.

## Microblogging

Have you seen [**new notes page**]({{ site.baseurl }}/notes)?  This is
something I am so excited about. I love this format and I admit
**Twitter** does a good job at trying to be a (*more or less*)
reliable source of information with [no political
ads](https://twitter.com/jack/status/1189634360472829952?lang=en), [no
manipulated
media](https://blog.twitter.com/en_us/topics/company/2020/new-approach-to-synthetic-and-manipulated-media.html)
and an apparent [constant effort to create a better
Internet](https://blog.twitter.com/en_us/topics/events/2020/safer-internet-day-2020-creating-a-better-internet-for-all.html). Every
step to move away from *unethical* Facebook will be a good step.

However, I miss some features on it. Being able to **edit my
publications** (although I understand why [Twitter doesn't want to
allow users to do such
thing](https://www.theverge.com/2020/1/15/21066815/twitter-edit-button-jack-dorsey-says-no)),
being able to **generate a RSS feed** of my published content,
modifying the **way my content is shown**... In summary, I want to
**have the control of my own content**.

My URL, my rules ðŸ“£.

And that's why I created the [**notes page**]({{ site.baseurl
}}/notes), to share my daily thoughts and findings as well as
interesting news I find everyday.

## Non-expiring posts
After re-reading some of my previous posts, I realized that some of
them **became obsolete** only some months after writting
them. Programming libraries were updated, new Deep Learning techniques
appeared, etc. My focus, from now on, will be on **generating
non-expiring content**. I know this sounds like hard word when you
talk about **Machine Learning** or **programming** but I will try to
focus more on creating that kind of content that analyzes
**abstractions and not particular implementations**.

Let's focus more on **ideas** and less on **things**.
